BXMSDOC-6024: Updated content for milestones etc. (#2514)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/bpmn/ref-bpmn-tasks.adoc

| Defines a Java, JavaScript, or MVEL script that directs an action at the end of the task.

| *Is Async*
|  Determines whether this task is invoked asynchronously. Make tasks asynchronous if they cannot be executed instantaneously, such as a task performed by an outside service.

| *Adhoc Autostart*

> | Determines whether this is an ad hoc task that is started automatically. This option enables the task to automatically start when the process is created instead of being started by a start task.

Reviewer: Do you think this is more accurate? 
```suggestion
| Determines whether this is an ad hoc task that is started automatically. This option enables the task to automatically start when the process is created instead of being started by the completion of the previous node.
```

Author: Done, fixed everywhere it appears.
